c:\users\ekko.xu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StrongCrawler\StrongCrawler\bin\Debug\phantomjs.exe
c:\users\ekko.xu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StrongCrawler\StrongCrawler\bin\Debug\phantomjs-license.txt
c:\users\ekko.xu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StrongCrawler\StrongCrawler\bin\Debug\StrongCrawler.exe.config
c:\users\ekko.xu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StrongCrawler\StrongCrawler\bin\Debug\StrongCrawler.exe
c:\users\ekko.xu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StrongCrawler\StrongCrawler\bin\Debug\StrongCrawler.pdb
c:\users\ekko.xu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StrongCrawler\StrongCrawler\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.dll
c:\users\ekko.xu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StrongCrawler\StrongCrawler\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.dll
c:\users\ekko.xu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StrongCrawler\StrongCrawler\bin\Debug\WebDriver.dll
c:\users\ekko.xu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StrongCrawler\StrongCrawler\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.dll
c:\users\ekko.xu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StrongCrawler\StrongCrawler\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.pdb
c:\users\ekko.xu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StrongCrawler\StrongCrawler\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.xml
c:\users\ekko.xu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StrongCrawler\StrongCrawler\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.pdb
c:\users\ekko.xu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StrongCrawler\StrongCrawler\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.xml
c:\users\ekko.xu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StrongCrawler\StrongCrawler\bin\Debug\WebDriver.pdb
c:\users\ekko.xu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StrongCrawler\StrongCrawler\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
c:\users\ekko.xu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StrongCrawler\StrongCrawler\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.pdb
c:\users\ekko.xu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StrongCrawler\StrongCrawler\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.xml
c:\users\ekko.xu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StrongCrawler\StrongCrawler\obj\Debug\StrongCrawler.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\ekko.xu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StrongCrawler\StrongCrawler\obj\Debug\StrongCrawler.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ekko.xu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StrongCrawler\StrongCrawler\obj\Debug\StrongCrawler.exe
c:\users\ekko.xu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StrongCrawler\StrongCrawler\obj\Debug\StrongCrawler.pdb
c:\users\ekko.xu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StrongCrawler\StrongCrawler\obj\Debug\StrongCrawler.Form1.resources
